[DOCS-5719]: Infrastructure Vulnerability Management (#18007)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/infrastructure_vulnerability/_index.md

---
title: Infrastructure Vulnerability Management
kind: documentation
is_beta: true
further_reading:
 - link: "/security/infrastructure_vulnerability/setup"
   tag: "Documentation"
   text: "Setting up Infrastructure Vulnerability Management"
---

{{< site-region region="gov" >}}
<div class="alert alert-warning">
Infrastructure Vulnerability Management is not available on the US1-FED Datadog site.
</div>
{{< /site-region >}}

{{< callout url="https://forms.gle/GwAWNEMSqyoao2fX6" >}}
  Infrastructure Vulnerability Management is in private beta, but you can easily request access! Use this form to submit your request today.
{{< /callout >}}

> Datadog [Infrastructure Vulnerability Management][1] uses the Datadog Agent to monitor your container images and identify known vulnerabilities for you to prioritize and remediate. The Agent scans running container images on hosts and creates a software bill of materials (SBOM). The SBOM is then scanned for vulnerabilities.

Reviewer: Datadog [Infrastructure Vulnerability Management][1] leverages deep infrastructure observability to detect, prioritize, manage and remediate vulnerabilities in your organization. It allows you to track the vulnerabilities to closure with the understanding of your infrastructure, and its ownership, across your organization.

This capability is currently in Private Beta. It offers vulnerabilities in the Container Images on your hosts. If you are enrolled in the Private Beta, you will see additional capabilities light up with existing configuration.

## Review the health of your container images

> View a list of running container images on the [Container Images][2] page. Identify container images with vulnerabilities and view additional details about the vulnerability on the details page.

Reviewer: View your container images on the [Container Images][2] page. Sort container images by number of active containers (column name "CONTAINERS") and see the count of vulnerabilities that exist in the container image (column name "VULNERABILITIES").

> {{< img src="security/infrastructure_vulnerability/container_images.png" alt="Container Images overview page" width="100%">}}

Reviewer: Can we use this new (attached) image here?

> {{< img src="security/infrastructure_vulnerability/container_images.png" alt="Container Images overview page" width="100%">}}

Reviewer: Can we please use the screenshot where the view (Infrastructure --> Containers --> Container Images) is sorted (desc) by "CONTAINERS" column? This way, the hottest container images are surfaced on the top. They have the most vulnerabilities.

> 

Reviewer: View additional details about the vulnerability by clicking on the container image and reviewing the "Vulnerabilities" tab.

(Use the attached image here)

## Identify the top container-based vulnerabilities

> Prioritize vulnerabilities for remediation based on severity on the [Vulnerabilities][3] page. View additional information about each vulnerability on the details page, including number of impacted images, the date on which the vulnerability was last detected, a description of the vulnerability, and recommended remediation steps.

Reviewer: Prioritize vulnerabilities for remediation based on severity on the [Vulnerabilities][3] page in Cloud Security Management (link).

{{< img src="security/infrastructure_vulnerability/infra_vulnerability_explorer.png" alt="Infrastructure Vulnerability Management explorer page" width="100%">}}

> 

Reviewer: View additional information about each vulnerability by clicking on the vulnerability. This information includes information about affected container images, the date on which the vulnerability was last detected, a description of the vulnerability, and recommended remediation steps.

(Use attached screenshot)

---
title: Infrastructure Vulnerability Management
kind: documentation
is_beta: true
further_reading:
 - link: "/security/infrastructure_vulnerability/setup"
   tag: "Documentation"
   text: "Setting up Infrastructure Vulnerability Management"
---

{{< site-region region="gov" >}}
<div class="alert alert-warning">
Infrastructure Vulnerability Management is not available on the US1-FED Datadog site.
</div>
{{< /site-region >}}

{{< callout url="https://forms.gle/GwAWNEMSqyoao2fX6" >}}
  Infrastructure Vulnerability Management is in private beta, but you can easily request access! Use this form to submit your request today.
{{< /callout >}}

> Datadog [Infrastructure Vulnerability Management][1] leverages infrastructure observability to detect, prioritize, manage and remediate vulnerabilities in your organization. It allows you to track the vulnerabilities to closure with the understanding of your infrastructure, and its ownership, across your organization. The private beta offers visibility into the vulnerabilities in the [Container Images][2] on your host.

Author: Changed to:

"Datadog [Infrastructure Vulnerability Management][1] leverages infrastructure observability to detect, prioritize, and manage vulnerabilities in your organization. The private beta offers visibility into the vulnerabilities in the [Container Images][2] on your hosts."

## Review the health of your container images

Infrastructure Vulnerability Management offers vulnerabilities in the Container Images on your hosts.

> View your container images on the [Container Images][2] page. Sort images by the number of active containers (column name `CONTAINERS`), observe the number of vulnerabilities that exist in the container image (column name `VULNERABILITIES`).

Reviewer 2: I like breaking up features into bullet points, but it's not a requirement just a preference in formatting:
```suggestion
- View your container images on the [Container Images][2] page. 
- Sort images by the number of active containers (column name `CONTAINERS`).
- Observe the number of vulnerabilities that exist in the container image (column name `VULNERABILITIES`).
```

View additional details about any vulnerability by clicking on the container image and reviewing the "Vulnerabilities" tab.

> {{< img src="security/infrastructure_vulnerability/container_image.png" alt="Container Images overview page" width="100%">}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{< img src="security/infrastructure_vulnerability/container_image.png" alt="Container Images overview page highlighting the vulnerabilities and container column sort feature" width="100%">}}
```

> {{< img src="security/infrastructure_vulnerability/container_vulnerability.png" alt="Container Images overview page" width="100%">}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{< img src="security/infrastructure_vulnerability/container_vulnerability.png" alt="Container Images overview page highlighting the vulnerabilities tab" width="100%">}}
```

## Identify the top container-based vulnerabilities

View a consolidated list of all vulnerabilities on the [Vulnerabilities][3] page in [Cloud Security Management][4].
Prioritize them for remediation based on severity.

> View additional information about each vulnerability by clicking on the vulnerability. This information includes information about affected container images, the date on which the vulnerability was last detected, a description of the vulnerability, and recommended remediation steps.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
View additional details by clicking on the vulnerability. This opens a panel which includes information about: 
- Affected container images.
- The date on which the vulnerability was last detected.
- A description of the vulnerability.
- Recommended remediation steps.
```

---
title: Infrastructure Vulnerability Management
kind: documentation
is_beta: true
further_reading:
 - link: "/security/infrastructure_vulnerability/setup"
   tag: "Documentation"
   text: "Setting up Infrastructure Vulnerability Management"
---

{{< site-region region="gov" >}}
<div class="alert alert-warning">
Infrastructure Vulnerability Management is not available on the US1-FED Datadog site.
</div>
{{< /site-region >}}

{{< callout url="https://forms.gle/GwAWNEMSqyoao2fX6" >}}
  Infrastructure Vulnerability Management is in private beta, but you can easily request access! Use this form to submit your request today.
{{< /callout >}}

> Datadog [Infrastructure Vulnerability Management][1] provides infrastructure observability to detect, prioritize, manage and remediate vulnerabilities in your organization. It allows you to track the vulnerabilities to closure with the understanding of your infrastructure, and its ownership, across your organization. Once you are enrolled in the private beta, the [Container Images][2] page and banner with additional capabilities are viewable. 

Reviewer: Datadog [Infrastructure Vulnerability Management][1] leverages infrastructure observability to detect, prioritize, manage and remediate vulnerabilities in your organization. It allows you to track the vulnerabilities to closure with the understanding of your infrastructure, its use and its ownership in your organization. Currently, the private beta offers visibility into the vulnerabilities in the [Container Images][2] on your hosts. More functionality will be added during the course of the private beta.

(Can you please replace the first screenshot to one where the banner is closed (top-right X)?)

{{< img src="security/infrastructure_vulnerability/banner.png" alt="Banner Page" width="100%">}}

## Review the health of your container images

Infrastructure Vulnerability Management offers vulnerabilities in the Container Images on your hosts.
View your container images on the [Container Images][2] page. Sort images by the number of active containers (column name `CONTAINERS`), observe the number of vulnerabilities that exist in the container image (column name `VULNERABILITIES`).

> View additional details about the vulnerability by clicking on the container image and reviewing the "Vulnerabilities" tab.

Reviewer: View additional details about any vulnerability by clicking on the container image and reviewing the "Vulnerabilities" tab.

{{< img src="security/infrastructure_vulnerability/container_image.png" alt="Container Images overview page" width="100%">}}

{{< img src="security/infrastructure_vulnerability/container_vulnerability.png" alt="Container Images overview page" width="100%">}}

## Identify the top container-based vulnerabilities

> Prioritize vulnerabilities for remediation based on severity on the [Vulnerabilities][3] page in [Cloud Security Management][4].

Reviewer: View a consolidated list of all vulnerabilities on the [Vulnerabilities][3] page in [Cloud Security Management][4]. Prioritize them for remediation based on severity.

---
title: Infrastructure Vulnerability Management
kind: documentation
further_reading:
 - link: "/security/infrastructure_vulnerability/setup"
   tag: "Documentation"
   text: "Setting up Infrastructure Vulnerability Management"
---

{{< site-region region="gov" >}}
<div class="alert alert-warning">
Infrastructure Vulnerability Management is not available on the US1-FED Datadog site.
</div>
{{< /site-region >}}

<div class="alert alert-info">Infrastructure Vulnerability Management is in beta.</div>

## Overview

> Datadog [Infrastructure Vulnerability Management][1] leverages infrastructure observability to detect, prioritize, and manage vulnerabilities in your organization. Infrastructure Vulnerability Management offers visibility into the vulnerabilities in the [Container Images][2] and hosts in your infrastructure.

Reviewer: @aliciascott let's change this to: Datadog Infrastructure Vulnerability Management combines observability data with security insights to detect, prioritize and manage vulnerabilities in your organization. It offers visibility into the vulnerabilities in the [container images] [2] and [hosts] [We should link to this as well] in your infrastructure.

Author: Updated

   tag: "Documentation"
   text: "Setting up Infrastructure Vulnerability Management"
---

{{< site-region region="gov" >}}
<div class="alert alert-warning">
Infrastructure Vulnerability Management is not available on the US1-FED Datadog site.
</div>
{{< /site-region >}}

<div class="alert alert-info">Infrastructure Vulnerability Management is in beta.</div>

## Overview

Datadog [Infrastructure Vulnerability Management][1] combines infrastructure observability with security insights to detect, prioritize, and manage vulnerabilities in your organization. It scans for vulnerabilities in the [container images][2] and [hosts][4] in your infrastructure.

## Review the health of your container images
Infrastructure Vulnerability Management offers vulnerabilities in the Container Images on your hosts.

- View your container images on the [container images][2] page. 
- Observe the number of vulnerabilities that exist in the container images (column name `VULNERABILITIES`).

{{< img src="security/infrastructure_vulnerability/container_image_2.png" alt="Images overview page highlighting the vulnerabilities and container column sort feature" width="100%">}}

> View additional details about any vulnerability by clicking on the container image and reviewing the **Vulnerabilities** tab:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
View additional details about any vulnerability by clicking the container image and reviewing the **Vulnerabilities** tab:
```

{{< img src="security/infrastructure_vulnerability/container_vulnerability.png" alt="Container Images overview page highlighting the vulnerabilities tab" width="100%">}}

## Identify impacted infrastructure

> - Click on any vulnerability to see more information. 
> - Click on "**View Vulnerability in CSM**" to view all related infrastructure impacted by this vulnerability:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Click any vulnerability to see more information. 
- Click **View Vulnerability in CSM** to view all related infrastructure impacted by this vulnerability:
```

{{< img src="security/infrastructure_vulnerability/Detailed_CSM_Vuln-2.png" alt="Container Images detailed vulnerability page" width="100%">}}

This opens the CSM [Vulnerabilities][1] explorer which includes information about: 

- A description of the vulnerability.
- The date on which the vulnerability was last detected.
- Recommended remediation steps.
- Affected container images and hosts.

{{< img src="security/infrastructure_vulnerability/CSM-Infra-Vulnerability_3.png" alt="CSM Infrastructure Vulnerability Explorer view, details of a vulnerability" width="100%">}}

## Review and remediate

> View a consolidated list of all vulnerabilities within the [Vulnerabilities][1] explorer in [Cloud Security Management][3]. Prioritize them for remediation using available facets, such as context-based **severity**, **resource type**, and **vulnerability source**. Additionally you can sort vulnerabilities by **library**, **registry image**, **host**, **environment**, and more.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
View a consolidated list of all vulnerabilities within the [Vulnerabilities][1] explorer in [Cloud Security Management][3]. Prioritize them for remediation using available facets, such as context-based **severity**, **resource type**, and **vulnerability source**. Additionally, you can sort vulnerabilities by **library**, **registry image**, **host**, **environment**, and more.
```
